hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're gonna
be talking about the 1977 film Star Wars
Episode for a new hope so let's get
started
the summary relies a bit that you've
seen the earlier episodes of the series
in terms of the film release order this
was the first Star Wars film to be
released however is actually the fourth
episode in the series in terms of
chronological order the film takes place
20 years after the events of Episode
three with the Galactic Empire ruling
most of the galaxy the Rebel Alliance is
at civil war with the Empire having
stolen plans for the Empire's super
weapon and Space Station the Death Star
Princess Leia one of the leaders of the
rebels has the plans with her when her
ship is boarded by Imperial forces led
by Darth Vader Leia is able to hide the
plans in the Droid r2d2 and sends r2d2
and c3po to the desert planet of
Tatooine to meet with obi-wan Kenobi
Leia is then captured by Vader and taken
into his custody the droids are captured
by Jowitt Raiders we sell the droids to
Owen Lars and his nephew Luke Skywalker
Luke inadvertently triggers recording
from Princess Leia pleading for the help
of obi-wan Kenobi Luke wonders that the
recording is referring to Ben Kenobi a
hermit who lives nearby
the next morning Luke discovers that
r2d2 and c3po have left and search for
obi-wan where all three meet up with Ben
Kenobi Ben reveals that he is actually
Obi one and Obi one tells Luke of his
days of being a Jedi explaining what the
Jedi are and the powers that they have
through the force obi-wan tells Luke
that he actually used to fight alongside
his father Anakin Skywalker before he
was betrayed and murdered by Darth Vader
a former pupil of obi-wan who turned to
the dark side if you watched my previous
summaries you might realize that this
isn't exactly the truth Obi one gives
Luke his father's lightsaber as well
they view Leia's message begging obi-wan
to take the Death Star plans to Alderaan
and give them to her father for analysis
what we won invites Luke to join him and
become a student of the force at first
Luke is unsure
he discovers that stormtroopers soldiers
of the Empire have killed his aunt and
uncle in search of the droids that they
had purchased Luke and the droids go
with obi-wan and they traveled to moss
eisely to hire a pilot they find a
smuggler han Solo and his first mate
Chewbacca a Wookiee and they hire them
as transport to Alderaan and aboard
their ship of the Millennium Falcon in
an effort to get information in a
Princess Leia about the rebels and the
plans that they had stolen they threaten
Leah's home planet of Alderaan Labe is
not given however and they use the true
power of the Death Star which has the
ability to destroy entire planets by
blowing up Alderaan so when the
Millennium Falcon arrives where Alderaan
should be
there's nothing but debris the Death
Star uses their tractor beam in order to
pull in the Millennium Falcon once
aboard obi-wan is able to disable the
tractor beam so that they're able to
escape and Luke and Han go and rescue
Leia they all make their way back to the
Millennium Falcon where they encounter
Darth Vader Vader and obi-wan fight and
obi-wan is struck down the Millennium
Falcon escapes but little do they know
the Empire installed the tracking device
the Falcon travels to Gavin for to the
rebels hidden base in order to analyze
the Death Star's plans they determined
that the exhaust port that connects to
the main reactor to be the Death Star's
weak point the Empire has identified
Gavin four as the rebels base and they
moved the Death Star into position to
destroy the planet
Luke joins the rebel assault group but
Han decides to take his payment for
transport and leave the rebels try to
attack the Death Star trying to destroy
before it's able to destroy the rebels
home planet the rub will suffer heavy
losses and darth vader joins into the
space battle with Luke's x-wing right in
his sights the Death Star is nearly
prepared to destroy Yavin for invader is
hot on Luke's tail and all hope seems to
be lost but at the last moment han
returns and fires on Luke's attackers
sending vader spiraling out of control
Luke uses some spiritual guidance from
Obi one telling him to use the Force to
guide his shot and Luke is successful
destroying the Death Star and the rebels
have won
the film concludes in a very similar way
to Episode one with a large celebration
for the rebels victory so that was the
spoilers for Star Wars Episode four a
new hope we will be spoiling all of the
Star Wars films before the theater
release of episode seven so please look
out for those if you have another film
that you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie spoiler alerts on the various
forms of social media listed below and
remember to like and subscribe thanks
for watching